tsd-web---mvp/README.md, before:

<!-- Copyright (c) 2025 Tobias Briones. All rights reserved. -->
<!-- SPDX-License-Identifier: AGPL-3.0-or-later -->
<!-- This file is part of https://github.com/texsydo/texsydo---mvp -->

# MVP: Texsydo Web

[![Project](https://mathswe-ops-services.tobiasbriones-dev.workers.dev/badge/project/texsydo)](https://tsd.math.software)
&nbsp;
[![GitHub Repository](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=GITHUB&message=REPOSITORY&labelColor=555&color=0277bd&style=for-the-badge&logo=GITHUB)](https://github.com/texsydo/texsydo---mvp/edit/main/tsd-web---mvp)

[![GitHub Project License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/texsydo/texsydo---mvp.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/texsydo/texsydo---mvp/blob/main/LICENSE)

[![GitHub Release](https://mathswe-ops-services.tobiasbriones-dev.workers.dev/badge/version/github/texsydo/texsydo---mvp?path=tsd-web---mvp)](https://github.com/texsydo/texsydo---mvp/releases/latest)

Documenting textual systems on the web.

## Gradle Project

Texsydo Web MVP is a multimodule Gradle, Kotlin project.

### Updating Gradle

Run `gradlew wrapper --gradle-version latest` to set the Gradle version to the
latest in `gradle-wrapper.properties`.

## Contact

Tobias Briones: [GitHub](https://github.com/tobiasbriones)
[LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/tobiasbriones)

## About

**MVP: Texsydo Web**

Documenting textual systems on the web.

Copyright © 2023-2025 Tobias Briones. All rights reserved.

### License

This project is licensed under
the [GNU Affero General Public License v3.0 or later License](../LICENSE).

---

This project contains third-party scripts and artifacts generated by
[Gradle](https://gradle.org). See [NOTICE](NOTICE.md) for more details.

Commit message:

Add module mathswe-kt to project tsd-web---mvp
The MathSweKt library is still not standalone and will still be an in-house copy across modules to push FP further in Kotlin.

tsd-web---mvp/README.md, after:

<!-- Copyright (c) 2025 Tobias Briones. All rights reserved. -->
<!-- SPDX-License-Identifier: AGPL-3.0-or-later -->
<!-- This file is part of https://github.com/texsydo/texsydo---mvp -->

# MVP: Texsydo Web

[![Project](https://mathswe-ops-services.tobiasbriones-dev.workers.dev/badge/project/texsydo)](https://tsd.math.software)
&nbsp;
[![GitHub Repository](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=GITHUB&message=REPOSITORY&labelColor=555&color=0277bd&style=for-the-badge&logo=GITHUB)](https://github.com/texsydo/texsydo---mvp/edit/main/tsd-web---mvp)

[![GitHub Project License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/texsydo/texsydo---mvp.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/texsydo/texsydo---mvp/blob/main/LICENSE)

[![GitHub Release](https://mathswe-ops-services.tobiasbriones-dev.workers.dev/badge/version/github/texsydo/texsydo---mvp?path=tsd-web---mvp)](https://github.com/texsydo/texsydo---mvp/releases/latest)

Documenting textual systems on the web.

## MathSweKt Library

The module [mathswe-kt](mathswe-kt) is an *in-house copy* of the MathSweKt
experimental library to reinforce FP further in MathSwe Kotlin projects.

## Web MVP

The main module [web](web) implements the Texsydo Web MVP specifications that
other modules or interfaces in the modular monolith will include.

## Gradle Project

Texsydo Web MVP is a multimodule Gradle, Kotlin project.

### Running Tests

Run `gradlew test` to run the project tests.

### Updating Gradle

Run `gradlew wrapper --gradle-version latest` to set the Gradle version to the
latest in `gradle-wrapper.properties`.

## Contact

Tobias Briones: [GitHub](https://github.com/tobiasbriones)
[LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/tobiasbriones)

## About

**MVP: Texsydo Web**

Documenting textual systems on the web.

Copyright © 2023-2025 Tobias Briones. All rights reserved.

### License

This project is licensed under
the [GNU Affero General Public License v3.0 or later License](../LICENSE).

---

This project contains third-party scripts and artifacts generated by
[Gradle](https://gradle.org). See [NOTICE](NOTICE.md) for more details.
